.TH pass-attr 1 "Version 0.2.0"

.SH NAME
pass-attr - pass password manager extension to print single lines from password files.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pass
attr [ --clip, -c ] [ --qrcode, -q ] [\fIattr-name\fP]
.I pass-name
.br
.B pass
line [ --clip, -c ] [ --qrcode, -q ] [\fIline-num\fP]
.I pass-name

.SH DESCRIPTION

An extension for the
.BR pass(1)
password manager that shows single lines of a password file, either by attribute name or by line number.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBattr\fP [ --clip, -c ] [ --qrcode, -q ] [\fIattr-name\fP] \fIpass-name\fP 
Shows only the attribute given in attr-name from the password file. The attr command will search for a line beginning with the given attribute (case-sensitive) and will output the rest of the line following the : with leading whitespace removed. Omitting attr-name will show the first line of the password file, generally the password itself. Multi-line password files should be stored in the following format:

My secret password
.br
URL: www.example.com
.br
Username: myuser

The --clip and --qrcode options will copy the attribute to the clipboard or generate a QR code image of the attribute data.
.TP
\fBline\fP [ --clip, -c ] [ --qrcode, -q ] [\fIline-num\fP] \fIpass-name\fP 
Prints the given line number from the password file. Omitting the line number will show the first line of the password file, generally the password itself.

The --clip and --qrcode options will copy the given line to the clipboard or generate a QR code image of the line data.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
To retrieve the username from the example password file above:

$ \fBpass attr\fP Username my-password
.br
myuser
.TP
To retrieve the password only:

$ \fBpass line\fP my-password
.br
My secret password

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pass (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Corey Hinshaw

.SH REPORTING BUGS
.I https://github.com/electrickite/pass-attr/issues

.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2022 Corey Hinshaw
.PP
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
